---
layout:     post
title:      Loser
permalink:  /loser
date:       2022-02-14
summary:    I feel like such a loser in life.
categories: thoughts
---

I have such an anger inside me - that I didn't know existed. Actually, its more like a bundle of resentment. And I don't think I'll ever be able to let it go. 
I resent so many things its not even funny. But that is also what makes me a loser. Don't have anyone to talk to, to share a few moments of my life. The other day, 
I successfully learned all the chords on ukulele and all it took me to do that is two days. It took me all of two days to pick up an instrument and be able to play most
of what I know on the guitar. But I felt like a loser.

Not because I think it should have taken me less time, but because I had no one to share it with. Yeah, I know a few beautiful songs, and I can even sing them reasonably well, 
but no one is there to listen to me. 

Three - that is the number of people that will cry if I die today, maybe two. That's it. That is my total wealth in this world. Anyways, I had a haircut today, so I look pretty decent now, I think.

Weight is 106.9 kg and I stuck to my fitness routine. Went reasonably hard in the gym. Had one cheat meal where I ate a small pizza and stuffed garlic bread, but nothing bad apart from that.
The supervisor from this company that I am leaving told me I needed help. Maybe I do. I'll see if I keep this up in the new company also, I will get help. 

I am so far firm on my decision to not marry, but it is also something that I think about often. Just because everyone around me keeps getting married and they also ask me about it.
Apart from the trust issues that I have, I don't think I would be a good husband, not atleast until I have experienced enough of what I want to experience. And if that day never comes, well, tough luck to me then.

Another reason is the laws in my country. They are very biased and marrying the wrong person can royally fuck my life up even if I decide to get divorce and don't have kids. But I won't know that I married the wrong person
until later. That is the main problem. It is essentially a game of russian roulette and I am not willing to play. 

The other, very real possibility is that I never find love, so basically I die alone. Maybe the loneliness will eat at me enough to force me to get married. But until then, I'm staying strong.

There is nothing sacred in life that is between two people. The only thing sacred is that which is with one person. So if I, somehow, manage to find somebody that I like and they seem nice, do I open up to them?
Do I give my heart to them? Do I go all in?

The answer to this question, I have not been able to come up with. I thing there are definitely some things that I will open up about maybe after 5 years. And what if that person has a long list of previous partners?
Am I the special one? 63rd time is the charm?

Don't know man, still figuring this stuff out.
