---
layout:     post
title:      Going at it again
permalink:  /again
date:       2022-02-08
summary:    This time, I’ll make it.
categories: thoughts
---
A lot of people say that in today’s environment, everybody is lonely. Especially, people my age. I want to believe that because if I don’t, then that means that I am doing something wrong. 

But even if these people are lonely, the majority of them have not gone without human touch for years, like I have. And sometimes, it gets difficult to pump myself up and forget about these feelings. These feelings of loneliness and seclusion. 
Am I not desperate enough? Or just not good enough?

I have all but let go of my original dream. Its on its last legs. Now, if it happens, the only way it will happen is if either I somehow make it as an artist or I somehow find a way to get ripped. Both of which, plenty of people have done. Its not like its impossible. So why am I like this?

Do I not want it enough?

I do. I do want it. I just don’t work hard enough. I have no control. So no, I am not going to sit down here and wallow in self pity and blame everything else as the reason of my failure. It is me. I am the reason of my failure. I have big dreams, and its on me to grab them. It is on me. 

Let’s pick ourselves up one more time. 

Let’s start again one more time.

This time, the stakes are raised. More than ever. 

This time, we’ll not stop, we’ll not fall.

This time, we’ll just keep going at it until we succeed.

Let’s do this my brother. This is the only path to salvation, to what we want to achieve in life.

I am going to start the series of updates again. One more year, one more attempt. But this attempt will last a lifetime.

The areas that I want to work on are:

- Health and fitness
- Hygiene
- Music
- Dating
- Social Life

On health part, I weight about 108 Kg right now. I need to lose 20 Kg to look good and be healthy. I am going to start this process from today. First week, I am just going to focus on going on a walk everyday, and lifting weights everyday. That’s it.

Second part is nutrition. Starting second week, I am going to make my own meals - at least a majority of them.

Third thing is hygiene. Every 15 days is the target here. Every 15 days, house should be cleaned, clothes should be washed. Take a shower on 10/15 days minimum. Hair and nails on point.

Fourth thing is music. Start making cover songs and releasing them. ASAP.

Fifth is dating. I will not wait until I have lost the weight. I will only wait until after I come back from the trip with friends. Will make a dating profile after that.

Sixth is social life. Will find events, invite people to things. Take more initiative to talk to people and have fun in general.


Thats it. These are all the areas I want to work on. I don’t want to find more ways to make money, I don’t want to be an entrepreneur. Don’t need to. That is not my dream. 

This is my dream. 

And I am going to go at it once again.

And this time I have God on my side, I can feel it. 

This time, I’ll make it.

-PK
